2020.md, before:

# Sharpening the Saw

## 2020-01
1. Death Note, Vol. 1: Boredom, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. The Distraction Addiction: Getting the Information You Need and the Communication You Want, Without Enraging Your Family, Annoying Your Colleagues, and Destroying Your Soul, _Alex Soojung-Kim Pang_, Little, Brown and Company, illustrated ed., 2013. 
1. Spark Joy: An Illustrated Master Class on the Art of Organizing and Tidying Up, _Marie Kondo_, Ten Speed Press, 2016.
1. Sleeping with Your Smartphone: How to Break the 24/7 Habit and Change the Way You Work, _Leslie A Perlow_, Harvard Business Review Press, 2012.
1. Masters of Mindfulness: Transforming Your Mind and Body, _Shauna Shapiro_, _Rick Hanson_, _Kristine Carlson_, _Juna Mustad_, _Mike Robbins_, _Amishi Jha_, _Elissa Epel_, _Jessica Graham_, _Dacher Keltner_, _Wallace J Nichols_, _Daniel J Siegel_, The Great Courses, 2018.
1. Listful Thinking: Using Lists to be More Productive, Highly Successful, and Less Stressed, _Paula Rizzo_, Viva Editions, 2015.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 25: Return, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2018.

## 2020-02
1. Death Note, Vol. 2: Confluence, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 3: Hard Run, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 4: Love, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. 168 Hours: You Have More Time Than You Think, _Laura Vanderkam_, Portfolio, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 5: Whiteout, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 6: Give-and-Take, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. The Power of When: Discover Your Chronotype---and Learn the Best Time to Eat Lunch, Ask for a Raise, Have Sex, Write a Novel, Take Your Meds, and More, _Michael Breus_,  Little, Brown Spark; illustrated ed., 2019.
1. Death Note, Vol. 7: Zero, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 8: Target, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 9: Contact, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 26: Warfront, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2018.
1. Death Note, Vol. 10: Deletion, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 11: Kindred Spirit, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 12: Finis, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.

## 2020-03
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 1: Assassination Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 2: Adult Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 3: Transfer Student Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. How to Meditate with Pema Chodron, _Pema Chodron_, Sounds True, 2008.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 4: Incredulity Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 5: Talent Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Feel Better In 5, _Rangan Chatterjee_, Penguin Life, 2019.

## 2020-04
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 6: Swimming Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 7: Island Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 8: Chance Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 9: Shock Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 10: Robber Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 11: Athletic Festival Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 12: Shinigami Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 13: Career Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 14: End-of-Term Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 15: Storm Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 16: Past Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Stop Doing That Sh*t: End Self-Sabotage and Demand Your Life Back (Unfu*k Yourself series), _Gary John Bishop_, HarperOne, 2019.

## 2020-05
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 17: Division Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 18: Valentine's Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 19: School Attendance Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 20: Graduation Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 21: Time to say Thank You, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 1: I Am Kuroko, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Getting Unstuck: Breaking Your Habitual Patterns and Encountering Naked Reality, _Pema Chodron_, Sounds True, 2005.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 2: Your Basketball, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 3: In Order to Win, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 4: What's 'Victory'?, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 5: I Knew, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 27: The Chance That Connects, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2018.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 28: Day 2, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2018.

## 2020-06
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 6: Hell No!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Mind Gym: An Athlete's Guide to Inner Excellence, _Gary Mack_, _David Casstevens_, McGraw-Hill Education, 2002.
1. Escaping the Build Trap: How Effective Product Management Creates Real Value, _Melissa Perri_, O'Reilly Media, 2018.
1. Full Steam Ahead! Unleash the Power of Vision in Your Work and Your Life, _Ken Blanchard_, _Jesse Lyn Stoner_, Berrett-Koehler Publishers, 2nd revised ed., 2011.
1. Successful Meditation: Vedic Frameworks for Personal Transformation, _Prasannika Thakur_, Stone River eLearning, 2019.
1. Lifespan: Why We Age---and Why We Don't Have To, _David A Sinclair_, Thorsons, 2019.
1. Eat That Frog!: 21 Great Ways to Stop Procrastinating and Get More Done in Less Time, _Brian Tracy_, Berrett-Koehler Publishers; 3rd ed., 2017.
1. Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity, _David Allen_, Penguin Books; revised ed., 2015.
1. Walking: The Ultimate Exercise for Optimum Health, _Andrew Weil_, _Mark Fenton_, Sounds True, Inc., 2006.
1. Taking Care of Yourself: Strategies for Eating Well, Staying Fit, and Living in Balance, _Andrew Weil_, Sounds True, Inc., 2015.
1. Boost Your Brain Power in 60 Seconds: The 4-Week Plan for a Sharper Mind, Better Memory, and Healthier Brain, _Michelle Schoffro Cook_, Rodale Books, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 7: Let's Get Started, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 8: I Know What I Need!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 9: At the Winter Cup, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 10: Engine On!!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Shorter: Work Better, Smarter, and Less---Here's How, _Alex Soojung-Kim Pang_, PublicAffairs, illustrated ed., 2020.

## 2020-07
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 11: We're the Seirin High Basketball Team!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Work without Stress: Building a Resilient Mindset for Lasting Success, _Derek Roger_, _Nick Petrie_, McGraw-Hill Education, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 12: Trust, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. 100 Days to a Younger Brain: Maximize Your Memory, Boost Your Brain Health, and Defy Dementia, _Sabina Brennan_, Da Capo Lifelong Books, 2020.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 13: Not This Time, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 14: This Time I'll, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 15: Because I Believe in You, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 16: Game Over!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 17: Tip Off, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 18: I'm Glad to be Doing It, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 19: The Light of Seirin, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 20: I Don't Know, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 21: The True Light, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 22: Don't Underestimate Us!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 23: A Day of Clear Blue Skies, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 24: Let's Go, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 25: What is Victory?, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 26: The Final Tip-Off!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 27: A Miracle Won't Happen, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 28: The Weight of Determination, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 29: I'll Definitely Stop This Shot, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.

## 2020-08
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 30: However Many Times, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Doraemon, Vol. 1, _Fujiko F Fujio_, Bunsho Kajiya, 2014.
1. Digital Minimalism: Choosing a Focused Life in a Noisy World, _Cal Newport_, Portfolio, 2019.
1. Doraemon, Vol. 2, _Fujiko F Fujio_, Bunsho Kajiya, 2014.
1. Doraemon, Vol. 3, _Fujiko F Fujio_, Bunsho Kajiya, 2014.
1. Doraemon, Vol. 4, _Fujiko F Fujio_, Bunsho Kajiya, 2014.
1. Meditations to Change Your Brain: Rewire Your Neural Pathways to Transform Your Life, _Rick Hanson_, _Rick Mendius_, Sounds True, 2010.
1. Creating Content with Markdown, _Brett Terpstra_, Peachpit Press, 2014.
1. How Humans Learn: The Science and Stories behind Effective College Teaching, _Joshua R. Eyler_, West Virginia University Press, 2018.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 1, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 2, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Lisp Complete Guide, _Zanis Khan_, Technics Publications, 2020.

## 2020-09
1. The Truths We Hold: An American Journey, _Kamala Harris_, Penguin Press, 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 29: Discovery, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2018.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 30: Broken Hearted, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 31: Hero, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World, _Cal Newport_, Grand Central Publishing, 2016.
1. The Stress Solution: The 4 Steps to Reset Your Body, Mind, Relationships and Purpose, _Rangan Chatterjee_, Penguin Life; illustrated ed., 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 32: Piton, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 33: Monster's Banquet, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 34: Cat Claws, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 35: Birdcage, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 3, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 4, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 5, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2017.

## 2020-10
1. Age Later: Health Span, Life Span, and the New Science of Longevity, _Nir Barzilai M.D._, St. Martin's Press, illustrated ed., 2020.
1. Less Doing, More Living: Make Everything in Life Easier, _Ari Meisel_, TarcherPerigee, 2014.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 6, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2017.
1. The Happiness Advantage: How a Positive Brain Fuels Success in Work and Life, _Shawn Achor_, Currency; illustrated ed., 2019.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 7, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2017.
1. True Happiness, _Pema Chodron_, Sounds True, 2006.
1. 7 Days of Calm (learn the basics of mindfulness meditation): Basics of Meditation, _Tamara Levitt_, https://calm.com/.

Commit message:

Add "7 Days of Calm (learn the basics of mindfulness meditation): Returning to the Here and Now"

2020.md, after:

# Sharpening the Saw

## 2020-01
1. Death Note, Vol. 1: Boredom, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. The Distraction Addiction: Getting the Information You Need and the Communication You Want, Without Enraging Your Family, Annoying Your Colleagues, and Destroying Your Soul, _Alex Soojung-Kim Pang_, Little, Brown and Company, illustrated ed., 2013.
1. Spark Joy: An Illustrated Master Class on the Art of Organizing and Tidying Up, _Marie Kondo_, Ten Speed Press, 2016.
1. Sleeping with Your Smartphone: How to Break the 24/7 Habit and Change the Way You Work, _Leslie A Perlow_, Harvard Business Review Press, 2012.
1. Masters of Mindfulness: Transforming Your Mind and Body, _Shauna Shapiro_, _Rick Hanson_, _Kristine Carlson_, _Juna Mustad_, _Mike Robbins_, _Amishi Jha_, _Elissa Epel_, _Jessica Graham_, _Dacher Keltner_, _Wallace J Nichols_, _Daniel J Siegel_, The Great Courses, 2018.
1. Listful Thinking: Using Lists to be More Productive, Highly Successful, and Less Stressed, _Paula Rizzo_, Viva Editions, 2015.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 25: Return, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2018.

## 2020-02
1. Death Note, Vol. 2: Confluence, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 3: Hard Run, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 4: Love, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. 168 Hours: You Have More Time Than You Think, _Laura Vanderkam_, Portfolio, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 5: Whiteout, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 6: Give-and-Take, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. The Power of When: Discover Your Chronotype---and Learn the Best Time to Eat Lunch, Ask for a Raise, Have Sex, Write a Novel, Take Your Meds, and More, _Michael Breus_,  Little, Brown Spark; illustrated ed., 2019.
1. Death Note, Vol. 7: Zero, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 8: Target, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 9: Contact, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 26: Warfront, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2018.
1. Death Note, Vol. 10: Deletion, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 11: Kindred Spirit, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.
1. Death Note, Vol. 12: Finis, _Tsugumi Ohba_ (Author), _Takeshi Obata_ (Illustrator), VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2011.

## 2020-03
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 1: Assassination Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 2: Adult Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 3: Transfer Student Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. How to Meditate with Pema Chodron, _Pema Chodron_, Sounds True, 2008.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 4: Incredulity Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 5: Talent Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Feel Better In 5, _Rangan Chatterjee_, Penguin Life, 2019.

## 2020-04
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 6: Swimming Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 7: Island Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 8: Chance Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 9: Shock Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 10: Robber Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 11: Athletic Festival Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 12: Shinigami Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 13: Career Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 14: End-of-Term Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 15: Storm Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 16: Past Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Stop Doing That Sh*t: End Self-Sabotage and Demand Your Life Back (Unfu*k Yourself series), _Gary John Bishop_, HarperOne, 2019.

## 2020-05
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 17: Division Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 18: Valentine's Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 19: School Attendance Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 20: Graduation Time, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Assassination Classroom, Vol. 21: Time to say Thank You, _Yusei Matsui_, VIZ Media: SHONEN JUMP ADVANCED, 2014.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 1: I Am Kuroko, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Getting Unstuck: Breaking Your Habitual Patterns and Encountering Naked Reality, _Pema Chodron_, Sounds True, 2005.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 2: Your Basketball, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 3: In Order to Win, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 4: What's 'Victory'?, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 5: I Knew, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 27: The Chance That Connects, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2018.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 28: Day 2, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2018.

## 2020-06
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 6: Hell No!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Mind Gym: An Athlete's Guide to Inner Excellence, _Gary Mack_, _David Casstevens_, McGraw-Hill Education, 2002.
1. Escaping the Build Trap: How Effective Product Management Creates Real Value, _Melissa Perri_, O'Reilly Media, 2018.
1. Full Steam Ahead! Unleash the Power of Vision in Your Work and Your Life, _Ken Blanchard_, _Jesse Lyn Stoner_, Berrett-Koehler Publishers, 2nd revised ed., 2011.
1. Successful Meditation: Vedic Frameworks for Personal Transformation, _Prasannika Thakur_, Stone River eLearning, 2019.
1. Lifespan: Why We Age---and Why We Don't Have To, _David A Sinclair_, Thorsons, 2019.
1. Eat That Frog!: 21 Great Ways to Stop Procrastinating and Get More Done in Less Time, _Brian Tracy_, Berrett-Koehler Publishers; 3rd ed., 2017.
1. Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity, _David Allen_, Penguin Books; revised ed., 2015.
1. Walking: The Ultimate Exercise for Optimum Health, _Andrew Weil_, _Mark Fenton_, Sounds True, Inc., 2006.
1. Taking Care of Yourself: Strategies for Eating Well, Staying Fit, and Living in Balance, _Andrew Weil_, Sounds True, Inc., 2015.
1. Boost Your Brain Power in 60 Seconds: The 4-Week Plan for a Sharper Mind, Better Memory, and Healthier Brain, _Michelle Schoffro Cook_, Rodale Books, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 7: Let's Get Started, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 8: I Know What I Need!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 9: At the Winter Cup, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 10: Engine On!!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Shorter: Work Better, Smarter, and Less---Here's How, _Alex Soojung-Kim Pang_, PublicAffairs, illustrated ed., 2020.

## 2020-07
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 11: We're the Seirin High Basketball Team!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Work without Stress: Building a Resilient Mindset for Lasting Success, _Derek Roger_, _Nick Petrie_, McGraw-Hill Education, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 12: Trust, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. 100 Days to a Younger Brain: Maximize Your Memory, Boost Your Brain Health, and Defy Dementia, _Sabina Brennan_, Da Capo Lifelong Books, 2020.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 13: Not This Time, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 14: This Time I'll, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 15: Because I Believe in You, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 16: Game Over!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 17: Tip Off, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 18: I'm Glad to be Doing It, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 19: The Light of Seirin, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 20: I Don't Know, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 21: The True Light, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 22: Don't Underestimate Us!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 23: A Day of Clear Blue Skies, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 24: Let's Go, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 25: What is Victory?, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 26: The Final Tip-Off!!, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 27: A Miracle Won't Happen, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 28: The Weight of Determination, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 29: I'll Definitely Stop This Shot, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.

## 2020-08
1. Kuroko's Basketball, Vol. 30: However Many Times, _Tadatoshi Fujimaki_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Doraemon, Vol. 1, _Fujiko F Fujio_, Bunsho Kajiya, 2014.
1. Digital Minimalism: Choosing a Focused Life in a Noisy World, _Cal Newport_, Portfolio, 2019.
1. Doraemon, Vol. 2, _Fujiko F Fujio_, Bunsho Kajiya, 2014.
1. Doraemon, Vol. 3, _Fujiko F Fujio_, Bunsho Kajiya, 2014.
1. Doraemon, Vol. 4, _Fujiko F Fujio_, Bunsho Kajiya, 2014.
1. Meditations to Change Your Brain: Rewire Your Neural Pathways to Transform Your Life, _Rick Hanson_, _Rick Mendius_, Sounds True, 2010.
1. Creating Content with Markdown, _Brett Terpstra_, Peachpit Press, 2014.
1. How Humans Learn: The Science and Stories behind Effective College Teaching, _Joshua R. Eyler_, West Virginia University Press, 2018.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 1, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 2, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Lisp Complete Guide, _Zanis Khan_, Technics Publications, 2020.

## 2020-09
1. The Truths We Hold: An American Journey, _Kamala Harris_, Penguin Press, 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 29: Discovery, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2018.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 30: Broken Hearted, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 31: Hero, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World, _Cal Newport_, Grand Central Publishing, 2016.
1. The Stress Solution: The 4 Steps to Reset Your Body, Mind, Relationships and Purpose, _Rangan Chatterjee_, Penguin Life; illustrated ed., 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 32: Piton, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 33: Monster's Banquet, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 34: Cat Claws, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Haikyu!!, Vol. 35: Birdcage, _Haruichi Furudate_, VIZ Media LLC, 2019.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 3, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 4, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2016.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 5, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2017.

## 2020-10
1. Age Later: Health Span, Life Span, and the New Science of Longevity, _Nir Barzilai M.D._, St. Martin's Press, illustrated ed., 2020.
1. Less Doing, More Living: Make Everything in Life Easier, _Ari Meisel_, TarcherPerigee, 2014.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 6, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2017.
1. The Happiness Advantage: How a Positive Brain Fuels Success in Work and Life, _Shawn Achor_, Currency; illustrated ed., 2019.
1. Black Clover, Vol. 7, _Yuki Tabata_, VIZ Media LLC, 2017.
1. True Happiness, _Pema Chodron_, Sounds True, 2006.
1. 7 Days of Calm (learn the basics of mindfulness meditation): Basics of Meditation, _Tamara Levitt_, https://calm.com/.
1. 7 Days of Calm (learn the basics of mindfulness meditation): Returning to the Here and Now, _Tamara Levitt_, https://calm.com/.
